The last section of the course was fast and furious,
but we managed to get a working API application up and running.
Now that we have that,
we can take a deeper in-depth look at how to
customize our app the Spring Boot way.
If you're working on an application as a team,
you often run into the problems like how do you prevent coding in the
production database credentials in a configuration file and then checking that
into source control where everyone can have access to it,
or how do I set up application configuration for different environments?
In staging, you want to enable full logging,
but in production, you want to only log errors and warnings.
We'll answer these questions,
as well as dive into a few other good to know Spring Boot configuration tips and tricks, coming up next!